---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/b-ressources/b00-bibliotheque/057-polymath-master-multiple-disciplines-learn-new-skills-think-flexibly-and-become-extraordinary-autodidact-peter-hollins/","title":"Polymath: Master Multiple Disciplines, Learn New Skills, Think Flexibly, and Become Extraordinary Autodidact","tags":["📓Book"],"noteIcon":""}
---


# 🗂 Catégories 
Education

# 📍Le message de l'auteur
Expertise pays; polymathy pays exponentially. Build a world-class skillset that will make you unique and irreplaceable. Polymath: a person of wide knowledge and learning. The art of becoming a polymath is really about maximizing your opportunities in life. Don’t be the person with the hammer - be the person with an entire woodshop at their disposal. Learn to think outside the box and adopt a flexible mindset. Become multi-faceted. Polymath shows you how to be a singular entity, like Benjamin Franklin, Leonardo da Vinci, and Thomas Young. No, you won’t achieve what they achieved, but you will understand the skills, habits, and techniques to master multiple realms of knowledge and skills. Almost every famous genius you know is a polymath. This book will trace their journeys and change the way you look at learning. Jack of all trades, master of none? No such thing. A complete learning framework, from novice to expert, in any skill or discipline. Peter Hollins has studied psychology and peak human performance for over a dozen years and is a bestselling author. He has worked with a multitude of individuals to unlock their potential and path towards success. His writing draws on his academic, coaching, and research experience. Become a modern day Renaissance man/woman; broaden your horizons. •Learn why you should become a pi-shaped polymath. •The primary traits you need to foster genius. •A 10-step process of learning a new topic or skill from A to Z. •How to choose and select your unique set of skills. •How to create your “second brain” on paper. •Examples from every era of mankind. Learn new perspectives, understand people better, and gain confidence to break your comfort zone. Polymathy is the most important skill for your career, hands down. It makes you one-of-a-kind. Become the most unique person you know. Create new routines and habits. Upgrade your life circumstances and see how mentally tough flexible thinking makes you. It boils down to this one question: are you content with your life circumstances? No? Then embrace the polymath mindset.